add changelog entry for ingress (#28248)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Sourcegraph services now listen to SIGTERM signals. This allows smoother rollouts in kubernetes deployments. [#27958](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/27958)

> - The sourecgraph-frontend ingress now the networking.k8s.io/va api. This adds support for k8s v1.22 and later, and deprecates support for versions older than v1.18.x [#4029](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/pull/4029)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The sourcegraph-frontend ingress now uses the networking.k8s.io/v1 api. This adds support for k8s v1.22 and later, and deprecates support for versions older than v1.18.x [#4029](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph/pull/4029)
```
